Syndicate Abstract

On the Internet today, an increasingly common strategy for efficiently disseminating a
large dataset to a scalable number of readers (but not writers) is to
employ a content distribution network (CDN).  Readers query the CDN for the
data, and the CDN reads the data from its origin servers and replicates the data
in its network caches, thereby allowing the caches to service future read
requests.  However, there are two limitations in this approach that hinder
origin servers and clients from achieving read/write semantics on the dataset.
First, a CDN's caches are neither coherent nor consistent--if the data on
an origin server changes, there will be a window of time where the CDN may
still cache and serve stale or even corrupt data.  Second, each CDN implements
its own content naming scheme and caching policy, requiring origin servers and possibly
clients to be designed for a specific CDN instance.

We address these limitations with Syndicate, a wide-area read-write
distributed filesystem that transparently leverages arbitrary CDNs
to drive data distribution between its clients.  A mounted Syndicate
filesystem exposes a client's files to the CDN and translates other clients'
remote read operations into CDN-specific data queries.  Regardless of the
CDN's caching policies, Syndicate ensures that readers only read the latest known
versions of each file, and ensures that each file has close-to-open consistency
in the face of multiple writers.  Syndicate provides clients the means to coordinate 
file discovery and I/O through a fault-tolerant metadata service, as well as the means
to back up their files to arbitrary remote storage through a global replication service.
By leveraging CDNs to handle a scalable number of readers and allowing clients to fully
control file and metadata propagation, Syndicate fully decouples
the problem of file persistence from read performance--Syndicate clients need
only concern themselves with enhancing the persistence of their data, beyond
presenting it to applications.

In this work, we will present Syndicate's architecture, protocols, and design.
We will then present a series of micro and macro benchmarks of our Syndicate prototype, 
which is currently deployed on PlanetLab and VICCI and leverages a private deployment of
the CoBlitz CDN.
